welcome to Giordano's vintage motors in
sunny car nation we're going to do a
little walk-around of our of our newest
cars here it's a 1929 stutz Blackhawk
just a new addition to the inventory
here really a pretty full classic car
that locally owned beautiful restoration
of a California car that was recently
brought up here in the interesting car
we're gonna do a little walk-around car
appears to be it's an original livery
color of brown over kind of tan Kart has
gone through a significant restoration
mechanically cosmetically and just let
the car speak for itself got to point
out a couple little interesting points
about the car we're gonna be doing just
a walk around here we're not gonna be
driving the car today we'll try to get
this car out and driving it's a very
good driving car this is based on a
little bit shorter steps wheelbase
chassis some of the longer look a little
bit longer cars some of the full classic
convertibles and roadsters and the Stutz
of course are known in their era for
being very high performance fast cars
doing very well at a variety of races
including the Indianapolis 500 this car
course is not a race car it's a
four-door saloon or sedan and we're
gonna be just kind of given a little bit
of a view of what we're we got here as
you can see this cars had a pretty
significant restoration I don't think
there's an area of the car that hasn't
been gone through and had a real
sympathetic restoration to the wood the
interior it's kind of open you know
cloth you still see it has the nickel
fixturing on it some of the nickel
pieces have been chromed and told that's
not exactly correct in a couple cases
were maybe the outside door handles
there's a few things they're supposed to
be nickel that the previous owner and
the restored it went to went to chrome
the car does shell fifty thousand six
hundred and sixty-five miles here on the
odometer
believable I suppose this car has
obviously been very well taken care of
appears to be very original has all the
terrific 19 late 20s pieces on it we've
climbed underneath the car appears to be
just terrific as far as the condition
the car as far as rust and damage a
couple things I'll point out it does
have the dual side mounts here turn
signals has the trip trip lights on them
trip safety lights which are huge these
are just terrific
these are the trip speed light models of
course the big Ryan light headlamps and
we have the Stutz of course the
yeah.well emblem there
the Black Hawk again just a little bit
smaller wheelbase car does share a lot
of that a lot of the pieces and parts
and engine as the the bigger more
expensive Stutz is this car which
brought out I believe in 28 or 29 to
kind of a separate kind of product line
for Stutz but it does have the overhead
valve Blackhawk six which is a terrific
engine that's a motor company is
overhead valve just this thing runs like
a low locomotive engine you can lug it
down and just idle it down to anything
any speed you want the original
magnesium zinc magnesium I think carp
single carburetor was problematic that
combination of metallurgy tends to fall
apart and turn to dust and so that was
replaced here by the previous owner with
a very expensive module Stromberg from
1920s rebuilt very expensive carburetors
a couple thousand dollars apiece to
purchase obviously the air cleaners are
aftermarket and late but then a special
custom dual car manifold was
manufactured here locally for the car
again a very similar thing you see in a
higher-end car like in 1920s or 30s
Cadillac
so this far is a bit more performance
than stock and actually runs very well
shifts very well drives down the road as
good as you would expect of a car from
this era and it's just a charming car
really a usable car as well it drives
very well very well
restored put together we haven't
finished up all the detailing in the car
we have a bit more cleaning to do but a
truly stunning piece of automotive art
in some way so anyways will I try to get
this car on the road to get a view of
what it looks like we're gonna teach us
to a quick view underneath the carpet
and we haven't detailed this car really
hardly at all so we're gonna be seeing
dirt this car previous owner lived kind
of on a yeah a dusty gravel road so we
haven't really cleaned up the haven't
really had a chance of detail underneath
here to the extent that we'd like to but
we will get around to that and hopefully
get the underside of this car looking as
good as the top side looks we can see
it's nice nice condition this is not a
rusty car this cars been well taken care
of
has the painted spoke wheels works the
Blackhawk wheel emblems there looks like
he zoomed in when we didn't want to okay
again as we always say over videos
there's no chances he's winning any
awards for terrific cinematography or
narration but hopefully it'll be helpful
the potential buyers are people
interested in these cars too enthused to
get a little bit of look at what what
this car is in the condition and so
forth but and terrific chrome just a
beautiful car take a quick look at the
other side of the engine
one of the things we'd like to do here
is take this exhaust manifold and do
some nice detailing on it but you can
see their engine very interesting
detailing the starter exhaust this was
very done so this cars had a real nice
sympathetic restoration and as always
we'll fix that in a minute you can see
us on the web at www.opm.gov/openseason
we look forward to more videos about our
video on going inventory at your
Donald's vintage Motors incarnation we
always have 50 cars in 50 fantage
motorcycles and paraphernalia parts and
all kinds of fun stuff so thanks for
listening and we look forward to doing
more videos on YouTube